# Date – 2026-03-24

## Done
1. Passed the final interview and finally feel a bit of relaxation!
2. Updated flip-card implementation (ui and logic were broken after integration of our common widget runner).
3. Updated Big O widget - made it more consistent and added ui response on answer submit.
4. Started fixing some general issues, aka polishing.


## Problems
1. When working with flip-card, I had no problem of fixing the ui. I spent some time to fix the logic though. Because seems like it was significantly broken during previous commits in the scope of widget runner integration. Luckily, I easily re-created the behavior I initially planned it to have.
2. Within flip-card component, I used hoverCard component to show the hint message. But during testing, I noticed that on mobile version of the app we have issues with responsiveness of the hint functionality. That's why after some investigation I replaced hoverCard with custom Hint component based on Popover from shadcn.
3. To make it consistent, I also had to update hint in big o with ths custom Hint component. I kept the hoverCard inside the canvas though as it depends on mouse over position in my case and I wanted to keep it this way.
4. I need to do some more tasks to make sure I can get an adequate score. Maybe autotests and also work on localization on scope of my components. Just an idea for the future.

## Plans
1. Finish minor fixes on different screens (landing, account drop-down, login screen).
2. Integrate localization into my components.
3. Think of the tests (e2e).

## Time Spent
- 0.5 h team meeting
- 4-5h - components updates/fixes.