# Date – 2026-03-13

## Done
1. Team meeting where we discussed the plans for the next few days and defined our priorities.
2. Finalized Big O notation widget. Even though there's a 'Tooltip' component in shadcn library - I decided to fo with 'Hover card' component as it doesn't require integration into the core of the app.
3. Did a couple of big code reviews.

## Problems
1. Need to implement unit tests till the end of the weekend.

## Solutions
1. During the meeting, we already defined the structure for our tests. Test files will be placed next to the files that need to be tested. And I plan to use jest for that purpose.

## Plans
1. Polish up landing page - maybe add some animation and to show off the widgets that we already have.
2. Implement unit tests for some of my components. Ideas: content of big-o-widget folder, content of flip-card folder, maybe as extra: animated counter.

## Time Spent
- 1 h - code reviews.
- 0.5 h - team meeting.
- 4h - polishing Big O notation widget
- 1h - exploring unit testing options

## Code Review
While working on the project, I had a chance to review the code iof my colleagues and to learn from them. But also I believe they can learn from me - that's why I leave comments and below are some examples.
In general - I always run the code to test it in action, but also look through the code itself and compare it with what has been deleted.

- [PR #77: feat: pagination on library page](https://github.com/tosigaeva/rs-tandem/pull/77) — 5 comments (pagination component behavior, file naming, possible type issue)
- [PR #38: Feat/21 login page](https://github.com/tosigaeva/rs-tandem/pull/38) — 1 comment (element positioning on the page + spent some time to review zod integration)
- [PR #42: Feat/widget engine](https://github.com/tosigaeva/rs-tandem/pull/42) — 3 comments (questions about implementation / structure - my teammate explained well the intentions of this PR and it's good we were able to clarify everything)

I will continue reviewing new PRs to gain even more experience.