# Date – 2026-03-08

## Done
1. Still is learning (next.js / react.js). Life is the endless process of learning.
2. Reviewed some PRs that allowed me to learn from my more experienced colleagues.
3. Team meetings where we discussed in what direction we are going.
4. Started working on Big O notation component (for widget) that will use canvas for drawing the notation. Base was created with the help of AI, but a lot of customization has been made after to fit my needs.
5. Made a video about my progress. Had to split it into 2 videos due to time constrains of the loom app (7 minutes total). Links:
- https://www.loom.com/share/9e386c20fe054b478781b31d4204bf17
- https://www.loom.com/share/92d23e945d1a4424b086bbad55cf6a73

## Problems
1. With the Big O notation that I am working on, the canvas part of my component isn't loaded nice and smoothly. I tried approach with skeleton and Suspension, but the final result was not good. I need to look more into it.
2. Cannot set our custom color inside the canvas due to server-side rendering? Decided to keep neutral black and red colors inside the canvas for now.
3. Pixelization of canvas element. Resolved by creating separate setupCanvas function where I define canvas size based on devicePixelRation.

## Solutions
1. Learn more about Suspension or other options to load the canvas element smoothly, about canvas in general, about react and next.js.

## Plans
1. Continue working on Big O notation component.
2. Adapt existing 'Learning' component if needed after integration of widget engine component (developed by another team member). 

## Time Spent
- 2 hours - couple of team meetings
- 2 hour - code reviews
- 5-6 hours - Big O notation component
