# Date – 2026-02-26

## Done
1. Did some progress on react learning: components, jsx, props, state, general info about redux
2. Implemented 404 page
3. Implemented animated-counter component that I also used on 404 page for animation effect
4. Reviewed shadcn components, thinking which one of ready components can be useful for widgets implementation
5. Planned work on widgets that I want to implement
6. Did PR review, left a couple of comments (naming and dynamic display of the component)

## Problems
1. Still a lot to learn and understand. But this is not a problem, but rather just the way of life...

## Solutions
1. I will continue following react course on udemy to better understand the concepts.

## Plans
1. Keep learning (Udemy).
2. Start implementing the first widget - 'Learning mode'.

## Time Spent
- 4-5 hours - react learning
- 1 hour - 404 page implementation (+ experiments with animations)
- 1 hour - thinking about my plan on implementation of the first widget.

#

### Widget planning:
1. Learning mode
- Use carousel from shadcn to switch between cards?
- Use react-card-flip for flip animation?
- Also need button component - Yes/No buttons
- I might want to re-use animated-counter component to show that the time is running out (limit - 10 seconds per answer?) + auto wrong answer
- data for questions requests?: questionType?
- data needed for questions (responses): id?, question, answer OR status-finished, correct-counter, wrong-counter.

##### ! Another component that I need,  and probably which will be common: Finish pop-up (retry button / exit button + result). Trigger if on request for next question - 'finish' response?

#

2. Big O notation
- no idea for now, how I will draw the graph. Probably with canvas?
- id?, question, answer, allAnswers

#

3. Game with rocket?
- might be the hardest for me, but I want to try and see if I can do something more interactive and more of a gaming approach
- should it be 2d or 3d? probably will try 3d (three.js) so I can gain new experience
- id?, question, answer, allAnswers? The problem is, that only short questions with short answers can be used for this game (because I want to display answers as text inside of asteroids? so can be max 1 short word as an answer)