# Date - 2026-03-19

- **Goal:** i18n implementation, translation of Topic and Library page

- **Resolution:**
  - add new type - LocaleString that replaces all strings that should be translatable. As of now I only touched topics and replaced name, description with LocaleString.

  - update supabase tables accordingly, replacing columns with jsonb type domain locale_string, with enforcement of LocaleString type

  - remove zustand to store our local state. instead we only store on cookies.

  - add locale.server.ts that will be used to retrieve locale when on server (for pages for example)

  - add locale provider and add locale context, wrap our components inside it and now we can retrieve locale information (locale, languageCode, language) inside components, on client

- **Goal:** types clean up and unification
  - removed Topic and UserTopic from topics.ts file.

  - add boolean property displayProgress to TopicCard and TopicList. Other than that, we can also implement conditional display to hide progress if zero or show it otherwise (if we want to).

  - changed types on topic: id is number, subject and level are enums, also added createdAt field. Dates are now stored as dates instead of strings.

  - updated library page, TopicCard to display correct language

  - changed return type of getTopicsOverview: now it returns nullable data and optional errors, like in our database.

  - we now return PaginatedResult on page, then we pass array to TopicList

  - updated mock library for topic so it is up to date

  - updated test files for TopicCard and TopicList

  - wrapped test renders in locale provider so it works on english

- **Total time:** 8 hours

- **Future Goals:**
  - started working on i18n
  - implement LocaleString that will replace plain string
  - add Records to translate enums
  - use current locale to display correct language
  - clean up duplicate Topic types and update mock files
  - start working on admin page for creating Topics and Question, registering Widget
