# Date - 2026-03-29, Evening

- **Goals:**
  - move authorization to server
  - add i18n on sign-in page and header
  - move header to server
  - remove topic.service
  - implement spinner that will load while navigation process is underway
  - implement admin role guard
  - fix RLS for all tables and create admin accounts

- **Resolution:**
  - created LocaleProvider, removed Zustand store
  - created AuthStateProvider, removed auth.service and auth.store
  - effectively header is "moved to server", because all the data is available before header is initialized
  - I added i18n to Sign-in page, Header. Replaced zod schema validation errors with message tags, replaced Auth.Server error messages with message tags, implement localization inside CustomInput and CustomSelect components. so now we have translation on everything on Authorization page and header.
  - didn't touch topic.service yet. I think another team member has already dealt with it. Maybe we will still remove it and change our implementation. Will discuss tomorrow on call
  - I have a plan on how to deal with this: either with useTransition or loading.tsx, will test and see which one is better. I am also considering adding NextJs/TopLoader component
  - role guard is implemented. But I also have to extend current UserDetails type that stores our user info, because we also need to conditionally hide admin navigation link from header dropdown menu. There are some PR-s that are conflicting, so I postponed fixing this issue for tomorrow.

- **Insight:** I already implemented LocaleProvider previously, but I couldn't change it without calling router.refresh and it was too much to refresh whole page on locale change, so we rolled back to client-side. But now I am defining useState and then adding callback to context, so now we can change it with that callback from Header like we would do with Zustand. I did same changes for authorization.
