# Date - 2026-03-21, morning

- **Goal:** i18n implementation, translation of Topic and Library page

- **Problem:** after testing, we decided to move it fully to client-side, instead of server.

- **Resolution:**
  - remove LocaleProvider and now use Zustand

  - we still store in cookies information and on Zustand initialization first check for cookies

  - add global registry of strings and their locale versions

  - add hooks for translation, one for text on app and one for database data

  - **Total time:** 5 hours

- **Goals:**
  - working on admin page for crud activities on Topic, Widget, Questions
  - add necessary API calls and services

- **Comment:**
  yesterday was a slow day. didn't write much of code, but came up with structured plan on how to implement page. Tomorrow I have an interview and want to spend one half of the day preparing for interview. I am hopeful by the end of sunday I will have working page.

- **Plan for page:**
  - [ ] add list of topics and schema for it. additionally show total questions for topic
  - [ ] add plus button to add a new question
  - [ ] add action buttons: edit, add question, delete, clean up, to each question in the list
  - [ ] on delete, prompt a warning that will warn you are deleting everything under that subject
  - [ ] on clean up, you open a modal where you have list of widgets and under them questions for that widget
  - [ ] on widget check, you check or uncheck all the questions under that widget
  - [ ] on create, edit topic, form is created for a topic with all fields necessary
  - [ ] implement CustomSelect that will work on enums or list of arrays, with option to add to it if it's an array, with multiple or single selection mode
  - [ ] update CustomForm that will infer from zod type whether to display a CustomInput or CustomSelect, or explicitly give each field it's type
  - [ ] for LocaleString, either generate special logic where I create a CustomInput for all locales, or I just put in a json, which satisfies constraint
  - [ ] add sonner messages to everything
  - [ ] add a widget list
  - [ ] do practically same as with topics, but inverse
  - [ ] lastly add questions list with topic, widget info
  - [ ] create schemas for general question and then a schema for a specific widget version
  - [ ] on questions create/edit form, when I change a widget, update a form accordingly (change payload component)
  - [ ] question form should be callable either from topic, widget or question tab. widget and topic are callable on their tabs
  - [ ] when creating a questions, first I will check if topic_widget exists, if not will create. Then I will add question under that topic_widget
