# Date – 2026-02-18

## Done
1. After our previous team meeting, we have a list of possible 'games' that can be implemented as widgets. I proposed 6 ideas and shared the list in the Discord chat.  
2. I am in the progress of learning reactive programming and Next.js. This is a challenge for me because I don't have experience with React, as well as with Next.js. Finished basic Next.js course.

## Problems
- No one knows what to do and how to start actually doing something...

## Solutions
1. During our last meeting, we discussed what basic pages we might need to implement. I believe some notes were taken, so later this can be transferred to the Kanban board.  
2. I am learning about reactive programming so I can keep up with the rest of the team once we start taking tasks from the board.

## Plans
1. Learn more about concepts of reactive programming by reading articles / watching YouTube videos related to Next.js / React topics.
2. During our next meeting, we need to define which tasks need to be added to the board if missing.

## Time Spent
- ~7 hours for basic Next.js course  
- 1 hour meeting  
- 1 hour to think about ideas for widgets

***
### List of ideas for widgets that I shared with team members:
***
#### - Learning mode:
card status: 'learn', counter = 0,
if counter >= 3 => status is changed to 'finished'

Flow:
show card with question 
buttons: I know this / I don't know this

If I don't know this selected:
reveal question

If I know this selected:
reveal question
show buttons: 'PASS' (on click - card counter +=1) and 'FAIL'

=>
Show next card, if no more cards - show congrats message and 'reset' button.

***
### - Rocket Game (Canvas + Game Loop + Audio API + Physics?)

Rocket flies in space.
Fuel counter displayed on top.
Question appears on screen (short text), then short answers are present on screen as moving asteroids?

Controls - arrows (left and right)
Rocket touches correct answers = fuel++
Rocket touches wrong answers = explosion + fuel decrease
Explosion gives knockback force (physics?)

End game if fuel === 0 OR 10 questions finished.
Show 'Try again' and 'Return to main screen' buttons

***
### - Drag & Drop:
Put lines of code in correct order to form a function.
 ***
 ### - Quizz:
question and 4 options of answers
+ timer with auto skip

***
### - Stack sorting:

3 options:
Call stack
Microtask queue
Macrotask queue

Function appears - select option

***
### - Big O notation:

Function displayed => Select a dot/line on Big O notation graph (line highlighted on hover).
Correct selection - bright green highlight,
Wrong selection - red highlight